Indentation issues.
Do not use <br> to increase the gap between lines of text; use the CSS margin property.
comments are missing.
Indentation issue.
Considering this line and the subsequent lines, is this file auto-generated or does it need to be different if the user is using some other version of ROS?
Again, this file refers to paths in a specific machine. Same question as above.
With so many files in a single commit, Bitbucket does not load some files in the end to comment upon. Remember to commit code in smaller chunks.
Just to mention, in file source/ROS/Simple Odometry/nodes/turtle_tf_broadcaster.py and turtle_tf_listener.py, functions are lacking docstrings.
Thank you for the feedback. Instead of committing code like this, I shall perform some cleanup before the final release and also post instructions along with the necessary source files which are needed to get the code working in an ROS environment.
Files like these are generated during the package building process. Check the above answer.
It is an auto-generated file created on building the ROS package in a local ROS environment. Thank you for pointing this out. A few auto generated files and logs crept into the commit by oversight.
Please remove this temporary file from source, see to it that temp files are not committed from next time onwards.
Kindly mention that the user must change the access modifier for the mouse device on his machine for this statement to execute, Exception not handled.
Thank you for pointing this out.
For the final release, I shall include a readme.txt file which explains the setup process to the end user. A possible improvement in future releases could be an automated script which does the entire process.
Temp file spotted.
Temp file.
Temp file.
Removed in the latest version. Thank you for the heads up.
Handled.
Handled.
Try not using development tools in production code.
Proper variable name should be chosen . Out of context variable names like con should be avoided
global variables should be avoided and closure property should be used
Potentially sensitive data
The team deliberated on the likes of A-Star and Dijkstra's algorithms running on the Django server.
