Fix this bug Sanjeev. Your files are not visible as they are too big to render on page load.
In the "practice/arjun/OpenCV (Face Detection)/opencv.py~" file, it would be better if we use absolute paths as compared to relative paths as it can produce error while running.
For example in line 24 : "cv2.imwrite('./detected.jpg', img);"
We can replace the relative address of "detected.jpg" with its absolute one.
Same goes with the file "image.jpg" in line 27. "+rects, img = detect("./image.jpg")"

Does this script work if the picture contains a side profile of the face?
I think Sanjana's doubt is valid

Write the absolute paths and use this command to do that : os.path.abspath(os.path.dirname(__file__))
And shouldn't this be a part of Iteration 1

Too long code to be put in a single line. Split the code into multiple lines.
Will the IP camera always generate a URL or can directly feed to a server to be processed?
Till now, I have come across only those IP camera's which feed their images onto a URL but I am trying to find a way so that I take the images from a server because the current "fetch.py" is taking a lot of time.

Is there any specific reason you chose 'jpeg' as the image file format or is it random?
its better if you make the path absolute!!
@ayush this is a test code...it doesn't really matter if i make the path absolute because when i will write this in views.py then i have to write the absolute path...and no, no reason for selecting jpeg..
Isn't this code for saving images from a url? You could have used urllib.urlretrieve(image_url , save_path) : one line of code, and done.
It would be easier to understand your code if you write comments for each step you are implementing. Especially for lines 9-14.
What is the time interval between taking consecutive pictures/frames through this method? This can determine how many frames we can lose out on by running this script?
And can we make it for a specific time interval so as to take feeds for the particular and respective defines time interval only? As in without killing the process when the script is set to run?
@sanjana if you ran the script you would know that the output contains the time it took to capture and save an image.
its better if you make the path absolute!!
@Ayush please refer to the answer in your last comment..
Use better variable names. One lettered variable names make it harder to understand what the variables represent.
Can you please explain lines 5 and 16?
woudln't it be better if we include more browers like chrome and internet explorer??

WebRTC was a testing thing so I tried it on firefox. If the testing was successful we would have moved on to chrome and all the other browsers.
wouldn't it be better if we encrypt the password?

