A lot of import will be unused use of * is not needed.
Constants need to be CAPITALIZED as per pep8 standards
Use of String and Column is not needed.
Class should have a doc string
Module should have a docstring/description
return object of query will be a list and thus iterable , only need to check if empty list
Multiple statements can be combined into a single statement to improve code.
print statement can be commented
seessionmaker not needed and string , integer need not be used
use of * for import should have been avoided.
You should'nt use unnecessary imports in the code
This line is too long according to pep8 standards
print statements for debugging should have been
 commented
good code
sys module has been imported twice
Line is too long
better name for variable such as exception could have been used
sys module has been imported twice
empty class User has been used in multiple files
Line too long
The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.


The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.



The class is empty and should have some logic implemented.

instance and the two functions should have been added as part of a class.
init not been used and so should have passed instead.
space should have been used and capital case should have been used for constant.
typo errors like 'sedn' to send should be changed.
For variable Upper Camel case may be used.
Extra lines left here at the bottom
Unused imports should have been avioded.
print should have been commented for debugging.
Line is too long based on pep8 standards.

JsonChecker should have been used.
too many lines with long length.
The function should be uncommented.
Only include necessary imports.
Print statements should be commented or may be for testing different testfile should be used.
Comments should have been aligned.
proper indentation should have been used.
Proper indentation required here.
```
#!python


```

The messages should be immediately removed.
The href should be changed to useful links.

The code smells in the form of unused code should be removed.
Try using more informative variable names
.
The code should be removed.
Remove the code in the comments.
Line too long should have lesser length.
Change the variable name to standards.
remove these imports from the code '*'.
Can be made more informative
Remove the piece code of code. (Code smell)
Remove the User class and connect to module.
The class does not serve any effective purpose as of now , try merging with any other class.
Add a class for the inventory as a whole.
Remove the spaces .. not needed as per the standards.
Remove the code not being used.
